(I#3934) Update user manual and in-app documentation for splitByLength() (#4769)
OpenRefine/OpenRefine: docs/docs/manual/grelfunctions.md

Returns the array of strings obtained by splitting s by sep. The separator can be either a string or a regex pattern. For example, `"fire, water, earth, air".split(",")` returns an array of 4 strings: [ "fire", " water", " earth", " air" ]. Note that the space characters are retained but the separator is removed. If you include “true” for the preserveTokens boolean, empty segments are preserved.

> ###### splitByLengths(s, n1, n2, ...) [(optional) i1, i2] {#splitbylengthss-n1-n2-}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### splitByLengths(s, n1, n2, ...) {#splitbylengthss-n1-n2-}
```
This should be there. It has nothing specific about this function.

For the dash at the end of the hash, could you change it? It's going to require changes elsewhere...

Reviewer 2: I'd say it's fine to leave the hash as it is…

Reviewer: > I'd say it's fine to leave the hash as it is…

What's the logic @wetneb?
- [ ] It's autogenerated, and as such, it's extra work to tweak it.
- [ ] It's there to show that other param can optionnally come.
- [ ] Just not worth it, user doesn't really see it.

Regards, Antoine

Returns the array of strings obtained by splitting s into substrings with the given lengths. For example, `"internationalization".splitByLengths(5, 6, 3)` returns an array of 3 strings: [ "inter", "nation", "ali" ]. Excess characters are discarded from the output array.

> Optionally, it also allows array slicing on the returned array. In this case, it returns the array consisting of a subset of elements between i1 and (i2 – 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like other functions that returns an array, it also allows array slicing on the returned array. In that case, it returns the array consisting of a subset of elements between i1 and (i2 – 1)
```
@wetneb: what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Yes, better! Just "Like other functions that return", not "returns"
